hey baby addicts so today I'm going to
be doing this look and it is such a cute
look I'm going to be using this Barbie
palette by stila in the all dolled up
one and it is just such a beautiful
palette I'm going to be using these
three colors right here and the one at
the bottom for the highlight oh my gosh
I love this palette it is so cute i just
wanted to show you guys this packaging
before i start see that that is so cute
i love it so this is going to be the
look and let's get started okay so the
first thing we're going to do is you're
going to apply your Urban Decay primer
potion this just creates a base so that
your shadow will stick and it will not
crease it also make your colors more by
that okay so since this eyeshadow has a
lot of fallout you're going to have to
use a paper towel like this and just
hold it underneath your eye because you
don't want a dark I show the color that
I'm going to be using first is this
cream color right here and you're just
going to apply that all on your lid
ok now I'm going to take this pink right
here and I'm just going to apply that on
my crease
okay when I'm going to use the dark
color which is the brown I'm going to
have to use the paper towel because that
will cause fall out so I'm going to use
the brown color and just hold it right
underneath your eye on the side of it
and just take some of that stuff and tap
off the excess just going to apply that
right on your outer corner
that looks like this
okay now we're just going to take a
little bit more of that and you're going
to apply that on to your crease
okay so now you're going to take a
fluffy brush like this and all my
brushes that I'm using your eco tools so
you can get them at your local drugstore
ulta or my bath and beyond and you're
just going to take it and blend
everything all together
I absolutely love this palette oh my
gosh it's so pretty ok now we're going
to take this cream color right here and
it is on the bottom one and you're just
going to use that as your highlight
take a little bit more of it because you
want a really strong highlight with this
okay so now we're going to take a
eyeliner and I'm going to be using Urban
Decay 24-7 in black and you're going to
apply that on your lashline and your
waterline
and now for the waterline we're going to
play it right there
it looks like this and you're also going
to apply it underneath your eye up here
okay so now you're going to curl your
lashes with an eyelash curler
and we're going to be using still on the
Scarah major lash in black pile it all
over your lashes
and on your lower lashes
okay so for the list we're going to be
using Sephora and this isn't precious
pink and it just brings the whole Barbie
look together oh my gosh I just love it
something so simple and sweet
just looks like this so this is the
final look I hope you guys enjoyed this
and thank you so much for watching and
don't forget to subscribe I'll talk to
you guys later bye